Bharat Mata Ki Jai, Bharat Mata Ki Jai

There are also a large number of all partners from Vaishali and Hajipur. I am very grateful to him too. Brothers and sisters, I was listening to Nitish Kumar, and the way our mothers and sisters were welcoming them. These scenes may be seen in Bihar itself. I salute these mothers and sisters specially. The number of people who have come to bless us all in a sweet city, which is a sweetie and a sweet sweetener, is going to create bitterness in many people's mouth. After four phases elections, these people have become dying all four. Now, in the next steps, it is to decide how big the defeat will be, and how grand the victory of NDA will be. When BJP NDA workers are firmly held on every booth, when people themselves are out of the house and are promoting this servant. Even after seeing the victory of NDA, when every person is desperate to contribute in that victory, So you can understand how the wind's direction is. Brothers, this wave is not ridiculous. This wave is not a challenge, then once the Modi government is there.

With the constant efforts of NDA, all of these leaders of Nido, Paswan, Sushil ji, NDA all these efforts of NDA, Bihar hardly left behind its old phase. Those who changed the identity of this great land. He is not fighting to make a central government in this election. They are staggering in any way to increase the number of their members, so I am cautioning the people of Bihar. The aim of enhancing their strength is to bring that back to Bihar again on the day of looting. Increasing their power means the kidnapping of daughters, felony, murder, corruption in every scheme. Increasing their power means imprisonment in their own home after the sun sets. Choking, getting forced to flee, forced to flee Bihar has given these people here, today again, these people have turned their vicious vision into Bihar, in Bihar. By dividing Bihar into caste, Want to prove your selfishness by sharing the society? They want to hide their corruption, their black exploits. Their goal is that in any way a weak loose shield in Delhi becomes a weak government, so that they can be arbitrary. Those who are in jail, who is on the door of jail, who is on the Bell, who is hanging round the court for the Bell. All those centers do not want to stand a strong government even a minute. But dear friends, no matter how much effort we have made, the campaign against black money and corruption we have run. His speed will not slow down. The large shopping malls, which have stood at the Form House, will also have to be accounted for. They will have to return one lump of the poor. The way Michelle Mama is picked up by picking up. The rest of them will also have to come to India. Want to hide your black exploit Their goal is that in any way a weak loose shield in Delhi becomes a weak government, so that they can be arbitrary. Those who are in jail, who is on the door of jail, who is on the Bell, who is hanging round the court for the Bell. All those centers do not want to stand a strong government even a minute. But dear friends, no matter how much effort we have made, the campaign against black money and corruption we have run. His speed will not slow down. The large shopping malls, which have stood at the Form House, will also have to be accounted for. They will have to return one lump of the poor. The way Michelle Mama is picked up by picking up. The rest of them will also have to come to India. Want to hide your black exploit Their goal is that in any way a weak loose shield in Delhi becomes a weak government, so that they can be arbitrary. Those who are in jail, who is on the door of jail, who is on the Bell, who is hanging round the court for the Bell. All those centers do not want to stand a strong government even a minute. But dear friends, no matter how much effort we have made, the campaign against black money and corruption we have run. His speed will not slow down. The large shopping malls, which have stood at the Form House, will also have to be accounted for. They will have to return one lump of the poor. The way Michelle Mama is picked up by picking up. The rest of them will also have to come to India. Who are hanging round the court for the bell. All those centers do not want to stand a strong government even a minute. But dear friends, no matter how much effort we have made, the campaign against black money and corruption we have run. His speed will not slow down. The large shopping malls, which have stood at the Form House, will also have to be accounted for. They will have to return one lump of the poor. The way Michelle Mama is picked up by picking up. The rest of them will also have to come to India. Who are hanging round the court for the bell. All those centers do not want to stand a strong government even a minute. But dear friends, no matter how much effort we have made, the campaign against black money and corruption we have run. His speed will not slow down. The large shopping malls, which have stood at the Form House, will also have to be accounted for. They will have to return one lump of the poor. The way Michelle Mama is picked up by picking up. The rest of them will also have to come to India.

In the past five years, these people have been forced to take Bell. Bail is transported. Now there is a complete preparation to send the prison. It is very important to understand the intentions of brothers and sisters, self-interest and those who are all devoted to their own interests. If you pay attention, no matter how many of these Mahmilavati groups are, most of them are not fighting even in such seats that they can get the post of Leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha. That is, the rule for becoming a leader opposition is that it will have to win 10 percent of the Lok Sabha seats. In 2014, the people of the country could become the leader of the Congress even as the Congress did not give such seats, and these days now the fight is going on between them. The Congressmen thought that we could not even become the Leader of Opposition for five years and no one should be formed, so they are also engaged in pulling the people of the masses. Brothers, sisters, who do not have the position of Leader of the Opposition, they are dreaming of becoming Prime Minister. Companions, There is nothing above the power for them, the country is not even there. These people are concerned only about the beauty and security of the people, not the country. Remember that day in the big cities of the country, sometimes in trains, in the market, sometimes at bus, sometimes in the temple, and sometimes at railway stations used to be bombarded. At that time of the bomb blast, how did Congress and its partners behave like weak people? Remember also when terrorism flourishes, it blossoms, then no one survives, no one remains safe. If any caste is of anybody's cult, no person is safe. At times, there were bomb blasts at the railway station. At that time of the bomb blast, how did Congress and its partners behave like weak people? Remember also when terrorism flourishes, it blossoms, then no one survives, no one remains safe. If any caste is of anybody's cult, no person is safe. At times, there were bomb blasts at the railway station. At that time of the bomb blast, how did Congress and its partners behave like weak people? Remember also when terrorism flourishes, it blossoms, then no one survives, no one remains safe. If any caste is of anybody's cult, no person is safe.

In the last five years, our security agencies have kept their false intentions with great effort from our sons. But their intentions are the same, they are in search of the opportunity, they will get a chance, then they continue to plan their plans to attack, and we keep on finishing their plans. This is a daily battle. There is no terror threat from India, not just terrorism. Who could have thought that Sri Lanka would kill 300 people. Income day and therefore a government in the country needs to be committed to overthrow terrorism, to root out every force which is spreading violence in the country. Brothers, tell me, you tell me, who can eliminate this terrorism? What mothers and sisters will tell will be a true blessing. Who can? Who has seen this power by taking the biggest blow to terrorism and Naxalism? Who has seen? Companions, Wherever there is within the country or wherever there is a pan-terrorism and violence-spreading factory, it is on the target of the watchman. Wherever India will be at risk. We will enter the house and kill them. It is decided, seniors, NDA's policy is clear. But what is the policy of protecting and protecting the country of the major parties, do you know what? Did they ever tell? Did they have said a word on this in their rally? They worry about your safety? Brothers and sisters, their history is such that they can not say anything on terrorism. On hearing Pakistan's name, their feet start trembling. Their government starts to run. This is the reason that they are allergic to the name of surgical strikes and air strikes, and their sleep becomes stunned. They are concerned about how this Modi has done. These questions do not give them sleep. And therefore, these nations are also scared to talk about defense. Brothers and sisters, their land is also falling apart, Because in five years we have brought development of everyone together with all the people. Village-village has taken to the poor house. 10% reservation for poor youth of general category is a great effort of social harmony. Because no other group's right was seized. Not only this, we have given the OBC Commission a constitutional status despite all the opposition's opposition. And I can say proudly when I came to the land of Muzaffarpur today. I can proudly say that this holy land, Lord Lal Sahni, here is the first Chairman, we have made. Have given. And I can say proudly when I came to the land of Muzaffarpur today. I can proudly say that this holy land, Lord Lal Sahni, here is the first Chairman, we have made. Have given. And I can say proudly when I came to the land of Muzaffarpur today. I can proudly say that this holy land, Lord Lal Sahni, here is the first Chairman, we have made. 

Friends, we have taken the country out of the red light culture, and villagers and poor poor have illuminated the LED bulb milky light. All of us red light went, but the light of the poor is burning in the house. This is our capital. We have worked to provide free treatment up to five lakh rupees to the poor. Who had to sell his home for treatment. We worked in the villages and villages to give toilets to the home of the poor sisters in their respect. We worked to deliver the connection of free LPG to that poor sister. The poor mother who had spent life in full age, had given freedom to the mothers to the sisters. My mother is blessing me from there. We have taken the initiative to provide that poor home. Who never dreamed about his home in the dream. Sisters, who have got these facilities, I congratulate them with heart. Those who have not met them also believe that this is Modi, the promise is sure, that I am going to give it to everyone. We have resolved that every poor should have their own house by 2022, not only those who are our farmers, have started collecting money directly in their account, and on May 23 the results of the elections will come. The results of the elections will be held on May 23, and once again the Modi government. Once again the Modi government. After the election result, once again Modi government will come. Then we are going to give this facility to all the farmers of Bihar. The limit of 5 acres that is today, It will be removed. All farmers will get the benefit of it. Similarly, who is a partner associated with the business of our fish. For them, we have already given facility of Kisan Credit Card. Now there will be a separate ministry for fish farming. We decided to make a separate department. A litchi treatment plant has also been set up for the convenience of our litchi producing farmers. 

Friends, be our small farmer, farm laborer, small shopkeeper. Everyone gets regular pension after the age of 60 years. We are also going to make arrangements for this. For traders, we have decided to create a national commission for the first time. We have also taken the resolution of providing accident insurance up to Rs 10 lakh to those GST registered traders and businessmen. We are also making serious efforts to strengthen the infrastructures of brothers, sisters, Muzaffarpur and Vaishali. Several projects related to road, rail and air traffic are running here. Knowing Airport will soon start giving regular services to all of you. Brothers-sisters, all such work will be fulfilled only when there will be an honest and strong government in Delhi. Only a strong government will be formed when people of all my fellow Mujaffarpur people on the lotus imprint, the people of Vaishali, on the Bangla impression, And the people of Sitamarhi will vote on the arrows. We are three in one. You will vote for lotus imprint, will go to Modi's account. You will vote on Bengali imprint, Where will Modi go to Jaeg You will vote for the arrow impression, where will it go, Modi will go. Your vote will go to Modi's account. Brothers and sisters, once again I have come to you in such a large number, blessed us, I request you to vote more in advance, and just like Nitish ji told that before voting and refreshment ... we will take this mantra Go. Speak with me - Jai of Bharat Mata, Jai of Bharat Mata, Jai of Bharat Mata And just like Nitish ji told that before voting and refreshment ... we should take this mantra to people Speak with me - Jai of Bharat Mata, Jai of Bharat Mata, Jai of Bharat Mata And just like Nitish ji told that before voting and refreshment ... we should take this mantra to people Speak with me - Jai of Bharat Mata, Jai of Bharat Mata, Jai of Bharat Mata
Thank you very much ...